ARMADA-440 Add doc page Continuous Integration (#144)
omnivector-solutions/jobbergate: jobbergate-docs/src/developer_guide/ci.rst

 Continuous Integration
========================

> Jobbergate uses `GitHub actions <https://github.com/omnivector-solutions/jobbergate/actions>`_ as continuous integration tools. They are described in details in this page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jobbergate uses `GitHub actions <https://github.com/omnivector-solutions/jobbergate/actions>`_ as continuous integration tools. They are described in detail on this page.
```

Author: solved in [58f2f91](https://github.com/omnivector-solutions/jobbergate/pull/144/commits/58f2f918da90e960892e55f68c4e15734043d298).

> -------------------
>  Quality Assurance
> -------------------

Reviewer: For other docs pages we aren't using the top line and extra spacing for sections inside the body.

```suggestion
Quality Assurance
-----------------
```

Author: solved in [58f2f91](https://github.com/omnivector-solutions/jobbergate/pull/144/commits/58f2f918da90e960892e55f68c4e15734043d298).

A dedicated GitHub action is included at Jobbergate's repository 
(`test_on_push.yaml <https://github.com/omnivector-solutions/jobbergate/blob/main/.github/workflows/test_on_push.yaml>`_)
to run the quality assurance tools for all sub-projects at once.

> It includes unit tests, code coverage, linters, code formatters, and static code checkers,
> that are detailed in the section :any:`Quality Assurance Tools`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They include unit tests, code coverage, linters, code formatters, and static type checkers.
Each is detailed in the section :any:`Quality Assurance Tools`.
```

Author: solved in [58f2f91](https://github.com/omnivector-solutions/jobbergate/pull/144/commits/58f2f918da90e960892e55f68c4e15734043d298).

This action is triggered whenever a new commit is pushed to the ``main`` branch or to a pull request.

-----------------
 Publish on PyPI
-----------------

The major components of Jobbergate are published on PyPI, the Python Package Index.
They are available at:

* `jobbergate-api <https://pypi.org/project/jobbergate-api/>`_
* `jobbergate-cli <https://pypi.org/project/jobbergate-cli/>`_

The steps to publish them to PyPI are automatized by three GitHub actions,
that are better described bellow.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
 Prepare for release
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This action
(`prepare_release.yaml <https://github.com/omnivector-solutions/jobbergate/blob/main/.github/workflows/prepare_release.yaml>`_)
is triggered on a workflow dispatch event and demands some interactions
to ensure code quality. It takes as arguments:

> * The base branch where the action will run from. Notice that the use of the ``main``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The base branch from which the action will run. Notice that the use of the ``main``
```

Author: solved in [58f2f91](https://github.com/omnivector-solutions/jobbergate/pull/144/commits/58f2f918da90e960892e55f68c4e15734043d298).

  branch is highly recommended in order to keep a linear commit history between releases and pre-releases.
* The bump version rule to be applied, based on
  `Poetry version <https://python-poetry.org/docs/cli/#version>`_.
  The following options are presented in a drop-down menu:
  ``patch``, ``minor``, ``major``, ``prepatch``, ``preminor``, ``premajor``, ``prerelease``.

Once activated, this action:

> * Uses Poetry to bump the version number of all the Jobbergate packages;

Reviewer: In English, semicolons are only used in sentences to separate two independent clauses. It's not common usage to put them on the end of list items.

```suggestion
* Uses Poetry to bump the version number of all the Jobbergate packages
```

Author: solved in [58f2f91](https://github.com/omnivector-solutions/jobbergate/pull/144/commits/58f2f918da90e960892e55f68c4e15734043d298).

* Checks if the new version number is synchronized between them, and fails if they are not;
* Creates a new entry on each changelog file with the new version number and the current date,
  including all unreleased features and bug fixes.
* Creates a new branch named ``release/<version>``.
* Opens a draft pull request titled ``Release <version>``.

>   In this way, all the changes above can be reviewed before the release is published,
>   and all quality assurance tests are executed for the pull request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

In this way, all the changes above can be reviewed before the release is published,
and all quality assurance tests are executed for the pull request.
```

Author: solved in [93f489e](https://github.com/omnivector-solutions/jobbergate/pull/144/commits/93f489ed7b02386e175af69af7b7f4342d7b84ec).
